#daily-notes 
```dataviewjs

var none = '(none)';
var p = dv.pages('"' + dv.current().file.folder + '"').where(p => p.file.day).map(p => [p.file.name, p.file.day.toISODate()]).sort(p => p[1]);
var t = dv.current().file.day ? dv.current().file.day.toISODate() : luxon.DateTime.now().toISODate();
// Obsidian uses moment.js; Luxon’s format strings differ!
var format = app['internalPlugins']['plugins']['daily-notes']['instance']['options']['format'] || 'YYYY-MM-DD';
var current = '(' + moment(t).format(format) + ')';
var nav = [];
var today = p.find(p => p[1] == t);
var next = p.find(p => p[1] > t);
var prev = undefined;
p.forEach(function (p, i) {
    if (p[1] < t) {
        prev = p;
    }
});
nav.push(prev ? '[[' + prev[0] + ']]' : none);
//nav.push(today ? today[0] : none);
nav.push(today ? today[0] : current);
nav.push(next ? '[[' + next[0] + ']]' : none);

//dv.list(nav);
//dv.paragraph(nav.join(" · "));
dv.paragraph(nav[0] + ' ← ' + nav[1] + ' → ' + nav[2]);
```
### To do list
---
**All done for today.**


### Notes
---
#### English - Romeo and Juliet *Act 2* plot overview

**1. Write in dot points the basic plot of Act 2.**
- Romeo first sneaks into the Capulet's orchard, to meet Juliet
- While hiding, he hears Juliet confessing her love for him while she is on her balcony.
- Romeo reveals himself, and they express their love for each other.
- They then decide to marry the next day.
- Romeo then visits Friar Lawrence, who agrees to marry them in hopes of ending the feud between the Montagues and Capulets.
- The Nurse learns of the secret wedding plans and helps facilitate it.
- The Act ends with Romeo and Juliet secretly married.

**2. Why does Romeo climb over the wall in scene 1? What does this tell us about his character and foreshadow about the play as a whole?**

- Romeo climbs over the wall to be with Juliet, despite the risk that he might be killed. This action shows his passionate and risky nature, with him willing to take risks for love. It foreshadows the [[Theme]] of hasty decisions, which ultimately leads to tragic consequences.

**3. What do we learn about Juliet in this Act?**

- Juliet is deeply in love, willing to take risks and betray her family's wishes to be with Romeo. Juliet even states that she would stop being a Capulet to be with Romeo.

**4. How willing are the Friar and the Nurse to help the young couple? How do they feel about the match and how do they think it will help?** 

They are willing to help the young couple marry, hoping that Romeo and Juliet's marriage might bring peace between the fighting families. The Nurse also supports Juliet's happiness.


**5. What is the overall mood of this Act?**

- The overall mood and [[Theme]] of Act 2 is love and secrecy. Romeo and Juliet take big steps towards their love, even though they are aware of the potential risks and complications. 

- The play also hints at an impending tragedy due to the secrecy and the feud between their families. This is shown with Rosemary and Romeo starting with the same letter, with rosemary meaning 'a token of remembrance to love and death'.