#daily-notes 
```dataviewjs

var none = '(none)';
var p = dv.pages('"' + dv.current().file.folder + '"').where(p => p.file.day).map(p => [p.file.name, p.file.day.toISODate()]).sort(p => p[1]);
var t = dv.current().file.day ? dv.current().file.day.toISODate() : luxon.DateTime.now().toISODate();
// Obsidian uses moment.js; Luxon’s format strings differ!
var format = app['internalPlugins']['plugins']['daily-notes']['instance']['options']['format'] || 'YYYY-MM-DD';
var current = '(' + moment(t).format(format) + ')';
var nav = [];
var today = p.find(p => p[1] == t);
var next = p.find(p => p[1] > t);
var prev = undefined;
p.forEach(function (p, i) {
    if (p[1] < t) {
        prev = p;
    }
});
nav.push(prev ? '[[' + prev[0] + ']]' : none);
//nav.push(today ? today[0] : none);
nav.push(today ? today[0] : current);
nav.push(next ? '[[' + next[0] + ']]' : none);

//dv.list(nav);
//dv.paragraph(nav.join(" · "));
dv.paragraph(nav[0] + ' ← ' + nav[1] + ' → ' + nav[2]);
```
### To do list
---
**All done for today.**


### Notes
---
#### English - Romeo and Juliet *Act 3* plot overview

**1. Write in dot points the basic plot of the third act.**  
- Mercutio and Tybalt engage in a heated fight.
- Romeo tries to stop the fight, but Tybalt accidentally kills Mercutio.
- To get payback, Romeo kills Tybalt and flees the scene.
- The Prince arrives and banishes Romeo from Verona.
- Juliet is torn between her loyalty to Romeo and her family, who now wants her to marry Paris.


**2. Why is Mercutio stabbed? "A plague on both your houses! I am sped."**   

Mercutio is stabbed by Tybalt because he defends Romeo and insults Tybalt's pride. His dying words, "A plague on both your houses! I am sped," express his anger at the situation between the Montagues and Capulets that led to his demise.


**3. How does Romeo respond to this? Why?**   

Romeo is shocked after Mercutio's death, and wants to avenge him. This leads to him killing Tybalt. He's driven by a desire for justice for Mercutio and is blinded by anger, which results in his banishment (later).


**4. Why do you think Prince banished Romeo rather than having him executed?**   

The Prince chooses to banish Romeo rather than kill him to avoid further violence. Romeo is a known figure in Verona, and the Prince hopes that by sparing his life, it may be a step towards peace between the two families.


**5. What is Juliet's inner conflict now?**   

As Juliet learns of Romeo's banishment, she is torn between her love for Romeo and her loyalty to her family, who now want her to marry Paris. She faces the issue of maintaining her secret marriage and avoiding an unwanted marriage with Paris.


**6. Why do you think Lord Capulet wants Paris wants to marry Juliet right now? What do you think has changed his mind? How does Juliet feel about this?**

Lord Capulet's change of heart regarding Juliet's marriage to Paris is influenced by Tybalt's death and the chaos that has erupted in Verona. He believes Paris will help mend the family's reputation, however, Juliet strongly opposes this decision, as her heart still belongs to Romeo, which further complicates the situation.
