#daily-notes 
```dataviewjs

var none = '(none)';
var p = dv.pages('"' + dv.current().file.folder + '"').where(p => p.file.day).map(p => [p.file.name, p.file.day.toISODate()]).sort(p => p[1]);
var t = dv.current().file.day ? dv.current().file.day.toISODate() : luxon.DateTime.now().toISODate();
// Obsidian uses moment.js; Luxon’s format strings differ!
var format = app['internalPlugins']['plugins']['daily-notes']['instance']['options']['format'] || 'YYYY-MM-DD';
var current = '(' + moment(t).format(format) + ')';
var nav = [];
var today = p.find(p => p[1] == t);
var next = p.find(p => p[1] > t);
var prev = undefined;
p.forEach(function (p, i) {
    if (p[1] < t) {
        prev = p;
    }
});
nav.push(prev ? '[[' + prev[0] + ']]' : none);
//nav.push(today ? today[0] : none);
nav.push(today ? today[0] : current);
nav.push(next ? '[[' + next[0] + ']]' : none);

//dv.list(nav);
//dv.paragraph(nav.join(" · "));
dv.paragraph(nav[0] + ' ← ' + nav[1] + ' → ' + nav[2]);
```
### To do list
---
**All done for today.**


### Notes
---
#### English - Romeo and Juliet *Act 4* plot overview

- Juliet and Friar Lawrence make a plan to help Juliet avoid marrying Paris.
- Juliet is given a potion to make her appear 'dead'.
- The Capulet family prepares for the wedding of Juliet and Paris.
- Juliet fakes her own death and is discovered "lifeless" in her room.
- The act ends with grief and shock as Juliet's apparent 'death' is discovered.

**What is dramatic irony? How is it apparent in Act 4 Sc 1?**
Dramatic irony is a literary device where the audience knows something that the characters in the story do not. In Act 4 Scene 1, dramatic irony is shown when Juliet pretends to agree to marry Paris, but the audience knows she has no intention of going through with it. The tension and suspense arise from the audience's knowledge of Juliet's secret plan to take a sleeping potion and fake her death.

**Why does Juliet beg forgiveness from her father?** 
Juliet begs for forgiveness from her father because she has revealed her apparent willingness to marry Paris, a man her father wants her to marry. However, Juliet's true intention is to buy time for her secret plan with Friar Lawrence. Juliet is trying to gain his trust so that he will not suspect her plan.

**Scene Length in Act 4:**
Act 4 has several quick and relatively short scenes. Shakespeare's use of quick scenes might potentially increase the urgency and tension of the play and keep the audience engaged. This is especially important since we are around the climax of the story.
