```dataviewjs

var none = '(none)';
var p = dv.pages('"' + dv.current().file.folder + '"').where(p => p.file.day).map(p => [p.file.name, p.file.day.toISODate()]).sort(p => p[1]);
var t = dv.current().file.day ? dv.current().file.day.toISODate() : luxon.DateTime.now().toISODate();
// Obsidian uses moment.js; Luxon’s format strings differ!
var format = app['internalPlugins']['plugins']['daily-notes']['instance']['options']['format'] || 'YYYY-MM-DD';
var current = '(' + moment(t).format(format) + ')';
var nav = [];
var today = p.find(p => p[1] == t);
var next = p.find(p => p[1] > t);
var prev = undefined;
p.forEach(function (p, i) {
    if (p[1] < t) {
        prev = p;
    }
});
nav.push(prev ? '[[' + prev[0] + ']]' : none);
//nav.push(today ? today[0] : none);
nav.push(today ? today[0] : current);
nav.push(next ? '[[' + next[0] + ']]' : none);

//dv.list(nav);
//dv.paragraph(nav.join(" · "));
dv.paragraph(nav[0] + ' ← ' + nav[1] + ' → ' + nav[2]);
```
---
### To do list
- [ ] 


### Notes
---
#### English Romeo and Juliet act 1 answers

1. **Basic plot of the first act, in dotpoints**
- The two families, Montagues and Capulets are enemies. 
- It starts with a street fight between the families' servants.
- The Prince stops the fight and warns of death for future brawls.
- Romeo's sad because his crush, Rosaline, doesn't love him.
- Juliet on the other hand, may marry Paris.
- Romeo's friend, Benvolio, suggests they go to a Capulet party to find new love.

2. **Where is the play set?**
- The play is set in Verona, Italy.

3. **Names of the two fighting families**
- The names of the two feuding families are the Montagues and Capulets.

4. **Who gets into a fight? Why does Shakespeare begin with this?**
- The act starts with a fight between servants from each household. This is to show the families' hatred. This can also show the deep hate between the two families, as well as giving the audience a sense of excitement, as the play starts right into an action scene. 

5. **Who breaks up the fight?**
- The Prince of Verona, Escalus, breaks up the fight and says that any further public disturbances will be punished by death.

6. **Why has Romeo been moping around?**
- Romeo is moping around because Rosaline doesn't like him. 

7. **What is being decided about Juliet?**
- Juliet's parents consider her marrying Paris. Today, this may seem unfair, however Elizabethan audiences might be more accepting towards this, as young arranged marriages between highly valued individuals was very common.

8. **Why does Benvolio want Romeo to go to the party?**
- Benvolio wants Romeo to go to the Capulet party to help him move on and forget Rosaline. 

9. **Shakespeare uses masking in the party scene, why?**
- Masking allows the characters to hide their identities and make forbidden or secret interactions. This can also show a sense of risk, as he is from the Montague family, hiding behind a mask.
- In MAAN, masking is used for comedic purposes, as it leads to misunderstandings and comedic situations.


